Rewrite example (#9)
DevExpress-Examples/blazor-DxDataGrid-show-the-confirmation-dialog-before-deleting-a-record: Readme.md

[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in_DevExpress_Support_Center-FF7200?style=flat-square&logo=DevExpress&logoColor=white)](https://supportcenter.devexpress.com/ticket/details/T802166)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/📖_How_to_use_DevExpress_Examples-e9f6fc?style=flat-square)](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/403183)
<!-- default badges end -->

# Grid for Blazor - How to display a custom confirmation dialog 

> The example uses the [DxPopup](https://docs.devexpress.com/Blazor/DevExpress.Blazor.DxPopup) to create a custom confirmation dialog that asks user to approve record deleting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The example uses the [DxPopup](https://docs.devexpress.com/Blazor/DevExpress.Blazor.DxPopup) to create a custom confirmation dialog that asks a user to approve record deletion.

```

![Display a custom confirmation dialog before deleting a grid record](application-page.png)

This example demonstrates how to do the following:

- Create a custom confirmation dialog with the **Confirm** and **Cancel** [buttons](https://docs.devexpress.com/Blazor/DevExpress.Blazor.DxButton).
- Add a custom **Delete** button to a [DxGrid](https://docs.devexpress.com/Blazor/DevExpress.Blazor.DxGrid) column.

> - Display the confirmation dialog on the **Delete** button [click](https://docs.devexpress.com/Blazor/DevExpress.Blazor.DxButton.Click).

Reviewer: I noticed on line 18 (below) that you specify that a "user"clicks the button. Does a user click the Delete button in this case as well? If so, can we update this line?

Author: You are right, we should update this line as follows:
```suggestion
- Display the confirmation dialog when a user [clicks](https://docs.devexpress.com/Blazor/DevExpress.Blazor.DxButton.Click) the **Delete** button.

```
